[Music]
so
oh
[Music]
ah
all right driving around today just got
the new exhaust installed the nvidia
gemini catback and what i decided to do
today is just to record some audio clips
of how it sounds just in different
conditions
i'm going to talk you through the
conditions as i am
experiencing them so i just pulled
out of a parking lot from getting set up
we've got all the windows closed and
i'll shut up and let you hear
[Music]
so at idle you barely hear anything at
all
i really love that about this exhaust um
when you want it to be subtle and
understated
it's perfectly capable of doing that but
when you get on it
you you really know that you're getting
on
around 60 miles an hour
nice little flip on the downshift
riding out fourth get a little gear
god that sounds good
a little blip
[Music]
power god damn it sounds good
no rasp anywhere on the power band like
that's just vq music right there
all right mercy that sounds good all
right gonna give it a little turnaround
here i hope you guys can see what this
sounds like
should be going this hard on residential
roads but
it's mexico what are you gonna do
this is right now fourth gear at around
60 miles an hour
let's hear the tires more than the
engine right now
all right so i finally found a location
where i could pull over
and set up my camera to do some clips to
see how the car
sounds uh outside the cabin
[Music]
so
so i was literally only out here for
like five minutes and within that five
minutes a cop had already pulled up
to figure out what was going on with
this camera on the side of the road but
i mean this shows how awesome the
exhaust is right it's loud enough to
sound
great when you're getting on it but yet
it's quiet enough
that in the event i need to pull up
behind say
a police officer to explain to him
why there's a camera on the side of the
road
i can pull up quietly enough that it's
not attracting any attention to my
exhaust that's not going to have him
asking any questions about whether
there's any illegal
car you know violating um
things on there so we could just you
know stand by and have a friendly
conversation about how a 40 year old was
just randomly recording
videos of his car driving by
this cop was cool maybe one day he'll be
a subscriber
all right back to more clips
[Music]
so
oh
all right y'all that's pretty much it i
absolutely love this nvidia gemini
catback exhaust
i hope you found this video helpful if
you did please consider liking and
subscribing
thanks
i just farted
i [__] hate this thing man
so sick of this
you